CI improvement: LLM generated descriptions and change log entries (#84518)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: .claude/agents/pr-changelog-generator.md

---
name: pr-changelog-generator

> description: Use this agent when you need to create a concise, user-facing changelog entry for a pull request. Examples: <example>Context: User has just opened a PR and needs to document the changes for release notes. user: 'Use the pr-changelog-generator agent to generate a PR changelog entry for this PR with the following diff: [[DIFF]] and user-provided changelog entry: [[USER-PROVIDED ENTRY]]' assistant: 'I will  use the pr-changelog-generator agent to analyze the PR changes and provided human entry and create a user-facing changelog entry.' <commentary>The user is requesting a changelog entry for the provided PR diff and human entry, so use the pr-changelog-generator agent to analyze the provided diff andentry and generate appropriate release notes.</commentary></example> color: yellow

Author: ```suggestion
description: Use this agent when you need to create a concise, user-facing changelog entry for a pull request. Examples: <example>Context: User has just opened a PR and needs to document the changes for release notes. user: 'Use the pr-changelog-generator agent to generate a PR changelog entry for this PR with the diff given in diff.txt' assistant: 'I will  use the pr-changelog-generator agent to analyze the PR changes from the diff in diff.txt and create a user-facing changelog entry.' <commentary>The user is requesting a changelog entry for the provided PR diff in a diff.txt file, so use the pr-changelog-generator agent to analyze the provided diff and generate a changelog entry according to ClickHouse standards.</commentary></example> color: yellow
```
